Introduction
------------


What Is SWAMP
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Software Assurance Marketplace (SWAMP) is a platform for running
software assurance tools on your code. It is a joint effort of four research
institutions -- the Morgridge Institute for Research, Indiana University,
the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and the University of
Wisconsin-Madison -- to advance the capabilities and increase the adoption
of software assurance technologies through an open continuous assurance
facility. The SWAMP originally went live in February 2014 as a web
application at https://www.mir-swamp.org, where it provides continuous
software assurance capabilities to developers and researchers.

The SWAMP is funded by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Science and
Technology Directorate, Homeland Security Advanced Research Projects Agency,
Cyber Security Division (DHS S&T/HSARPA/CSD); BAA 11-02; and Air Force
Research Laboratory, Information Directorate under agreement number
FA8750-12-2-0289.


What Is SWAMP-in-a-Box
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For users that need or prefer to run software assurance tools on their own
computing infrastructure, the SWAMP project offers a standalone software
application called SWAMP-in-a-Box (SiB). It is, in essence, a local instance
of the SWAMP that can be deployed on your own servers if you have higher
security or compliance requirements for your software, or, being
open-source, when you want to customize the software.


Obtaining SWAMP-in-a-Box
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

SWAMP-in-a-Box is currently available as an open beta. Visit
https://github.com/mirswamp/deployment for instructions on how to download
SWAMP-in-a-Box as a pre-packaged installer or as source code.
