[[installing-dependencies]]
[appendix]
Installing Dependencies
-----------------------

The software packages that SWAMP-in-a-Box depends on include:

  * <<dependencies-htcondor>>,
  * <<dependencies-mariadb>>,
  * <<dependencies-php>>, and
  * <<dependencies-other,other assorted utilities>>.

All of these dependencies must be installed in order for SWAMP-in-a-Box to
function correctly. If you run into issues with installing these
dependencies, consult <<troubleshooting-installing-dependencies,the
troubleshooting appendix>> for possible solutions.

[NOTE]
In the sections below, `<installer-dir>` refers to the directory containing
the SWAMP-in-a-Box installer. See <<installing-siab>>.


[[dependencies-htcondor]]
=== HTCondor 8.6 ===

The set-up scripts configure and download HTCondor from the repository
hosted by the University of Wisconsin-Madison, generally following the
instructions provided on the project's home page at
https://research.cs.wisc.edu/htcondor/index.html. The specific packages
installed are `condor-all` and its dependencies.

The following script will install HTCondor using the process described above:

----
<installer-dir>/repos/install-htcondor.bash
----


[[dependencies-mariadb]]
=== MariaDB 5.5 ===

For CentOS 6, the set-up scripts configure and download MariaDB from the
repository hosted by the MariaDB Foundation, using the configuration file
produced by the "repository configuration" tool at
https://downloads.mariadb.org/mariadb/repositories/. The specific packages
installed are `MariaDB-client`, `MariaDB-server`, `MariaDB-shared`, and
their dependencies.

For CentOS 7, the set-up scripts download MariaDB from CentOS's default
repositories. The specific packages installed are `mariadb`,
`mariadb-server`, `mariadb-libs`, and their dependencies.

The following script will install MariaDB using the process described above:

----
<installer-dir>/repos/install-mariadb.bash
----


[[dependencies-php]]
=== PHP 7.0 ===

The set-up scripts configure and download PHP from Remi's RPM Repository,
using the instructions produced by the "configuration wizard" at
http://rpms.famillecollet.com/. The specific packages installed are:

  * `php`,
  * `php-ldap`,
  * `php-mbstring`,
  * `php-mcrypt`,
  * `php-mysqlnd`,
  * `php-pecl-zip`,
  * `php-xml`,

and their dependencies.

The following script will install PHP using the process described above:

----
<installer-dir>/repos/install-php.bash
----


[[dependencies-other]]
=== Other Assorted Utilities ===

In addition to HTCondor, MariaDB, and PHP, the set-up scripts download
assorted software packages from CentOS's default repositories. The specific
packages installed are:

  * `ant`,
  * `bind-utils`,
  * `git`,
  * `httpd`,
  * `libguestfs`,
  * `libguestfs-tools`,
  * `libguestfs-tools-c`,
  * `libvirt`,
  * `mod_ssl`,
  * `ncompress`,
  * `patch`,
  * `perl`,
  * `unzip`,
  * `zip`,

and their dependencies.

The following script will install these packages and perform additional,
necessary configuration of the SWAMP-in-a-Box host. It must be run after
HTCondor, MariaDB, and PHP are installed, as described above:

----
<installer-dir>/repos/install-other-deps.bash
----
