[[frontend-configuration]]
SWAMP Web Application Frontend Configuration
---------------------------------------------

The file `/var/www/html/config/config.json` contains various parameter names
and values that are used to configure the SWAMP web application's frontend.
You must have `root` access to modify this file.

[NOTE]
The contents of `config.json` must be a valid JSON object; the collection of
values for the parameters described below are stored as nested JSON objects.
<<config-json-examples>> can be found at the end of this section.

The remainder of this section describes the parameters.


Web Services
~~~~~~~~~~~~

`servers.web`::

The root URL used to access the SWAMP web application's routes. The
SWAMP-in-a-Box installer sets this based on the hostname specified during
the install process (usually, the host's detected hostname).

+
When the hostname changes, use the `/opt/swamp/bin/swamp_set_web_host`
utility script to update this parameter, because that script will update not
only this parameter but also all other configuration locations where the
hostname is referenced.


Contact Information
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

These parameters affect the display of information on the Contact Us and
Report Security Incident pages. If this collection of parameters is not
defined, as is the case when SWAMP-in-a-Box is initially installed, the link
to the Contact page in the SWAMP web application's main menu is hidden.


Support
^^^^^^^

These parameters affect the display of information on the Contact Us page.

`contact.support.email`::

The email address displayed for Contact Us messages. This should have the
same value as the the `MAIL_CONTACT_ADDRESS` parameter in the
<<backend-mail-settings,backend configuration file>>.

`contact.support.phoneNumber`::

The phone number displayed for Contact Us messages.

`contact.support.description`::

The description of the person or team receiving messages displayed for
Contact Us messages.

`contact.support.message`::

Additional text displayed for Contact Us messages.


Security
^^^^^^^^

These parameters affect the display of information on the Report Security
Incident page. If the `support` section is defined but the `security`
section is not, the SWAMP web application does not provide a link from the
Contact Us page to the Report Security Incident page.

`contact.security.email`::

The email address displayed for Report Security Incident messages. This
should have the same value as the `MAIL_SECURITY_ADDRESS` parameter in the
<<backend-mail-settings,backend configuration file>>.

`contact.security.phoneNumber`::

The phone number displayed for Report Security Incident messages.

`contact.security.description`::

The description of the person or team receiving messages displayed for
Report Security Incident messages.

`contact.security.message`::

Additional text displayed for Report Security Incident messages.


Cookies
~~~~~~~

These parameters affect the SWAMP layout cookie, which is used to persist
the state of various layout elements: the position of the navigation bar,
the state of the Show Numbering flag, the state of the Auto Refresh flag,
and the state of the Show Grouping flag.

`cookie.name`::

The name given to the SWAMP layout cookie. The SWAMP-in-a-Box installer sets
this to "swamp".

`cookie.domain`::

The name of the domain for the SWAMP layout cookie. Set this to "null" to
use the same domain name as in the `APP_URL` parameter in the
<<backend-web-app,backend configuration file>>. The SWAMP-in-a-Box installer
sets this "null".

`cookie.path`::

The path for SWAMP layout cookie. The SWAMP-in-a-Box installer sets this to
"/".

`cookie.secure`::

Whether the SWAMP layout cookie is sent only for encrypted connections. The
SWAMP-in-a-Box installer sets this to "true".


Other Configurable Behaviors
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`options.assessments.allow_multiple_tool_selection`::

Whether the "All" option is present when selecting tools on the Add/Run New
Assessments page. The SWAMP-in-a-Box installer sets this to "true".

`options.assessments.allow_viewing_zero_weaknesses`::

Whether assessment results with zero weaknesses can be selected and sent to
the Code Dx results viewer. The SWAMP-in-a-Box installer sets this to
"true".


[[config-json-examples]]
Examples
~~~~~~~~

[example]
.Without the `contact` Section
====
----
{
  "servers": {
    "web": "<Web application routes root URL>"
  },

  "cookie": {
    "name": "swamp",
    "domain": null,
    "path": "/",
    "secure": true
  },

  "options": {
    "assessments": {
      "allow_multiple_tool_selection": true,
      "allow_viewing_zero_weaknesses": true
    }
  }
}
----
====


[example]
.With the `contact` Section
====
Parameters (lines) below whose sample value include "(optional)" may be
omitted.

----
{
  "servers": {
    "web": "<Web application routes root URL>"
  },

  "contact": {
    "support": {
      "email": "<Support email address (optional)>",
      "phoneNumber": "<Support phone number (optional)>",
      "description": "Support staff",
      "message": "Feel free to contact us with questions."
    },
    "security": {
      "email": "<Security email address (optional)>",
      "phoneNumber": "<Security phone number (optional)>",
      "description": "Security team",
      "message": "<Security message here (optional)>"
    }
  },

  "cookie": {
    "name": "swamp",
    "domain": null,
    "path": "/",
    "secure": true
  },

  "options": {
    "assessments": {
      "allow_multiple_tool_selection": true,
      "allow_viewing_zero_weaknesses": true
    }
  }
}
----
====
