Noteworthy Changes in SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.30
-----------------------------------------

1. SWAMP-in-a-Box can now be configured to use an LDAP or LDAP-compatible
Active Directory server for managing user accounts.

2. SWAMP-in-a-Box can now be configured to allow GitHub, Google, and CILogon
accounts to be linked to SWAMP user accounts, allowing users to sign into
the SWAMP using their third-party credentials.

3. The GrammaTech CodeSonar tool for assessing C/C++ packages can now be
added to a SWAMP-in-a-Box installation. You must license CodeSonar and
obtain either the 32-bit or 64-bit installers for CodeSonar separately from
GrammaTech, Inc.

4. SWAMP users can now add Application Passwords to their SWAMP accounts.
These passwords can be used with the SWAMP plugins for Eclipse and Jenkins to
allow them to connect to the SWAMP without using the users' main passwords.

5. Java 8 is now the default Java version when creating new Java source and
Java bytecode packages.

6. The SWAMP now uses the "recursive" option to include linked sub-modules
when pulling code from GitHub to create a new package or when adding a new
package version.

7. The Native viewer for assessment results now includes information about
the package, tool, and platform used, along with start and completion times,
for the assessment.

8. SWAMP users can now change their SWAMP username when editing their
profile page.

9. Added new versions and/or updates for the following assessment tools:
Brakeman, Dawn, Reek, RuboCop, and ruby-lint.

10. The SWAMP-in-a-Box install and upgrade scripts now configure the web
server (Apache) to disallow HTTP connections. The SWAMP must be accessed
using HTTPS.

11. The SWAMP-in-a-Box install and upgrade scripts no longer attempt to
configure firewall settings on the host. Required configuration is now
documented in the `README-BUILD-SERVER.md` file that is included with the
SWAMP-in-a-Box installer.

12. General enhancements and bug fixes.


Noteworthy Changes in SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.29
-----------------------------------------

1. Added support for 5 new programming languages: CSS, HTML, JavaScript,
PHP, and XML.

2. Added the following 9 assessment tools for web scripting languages: CSS
Lint, ESLint, Flow, HTML Tidy, JSHint, PHPMD, PHP_CodeSniffer, Retire.js,
and XML Lint.

3. Added new versions and/or updates for the following assessment tools:
Bandit, Flake8, Pylint, checkstyle, OWASP Dependency Check, error-prone,
FindBugs, and PMD.

4. When adding a new package or adding a new version to an existing package,
users have the option to select an archive file from the local file system
or enter an external URL and a checkout argument (branch, tag, or commit)
for a remote Git repository.

5. Improved error reporting for assessment failures. Successful assessment
runs are no longer erroneously reported as having finished with errors.
Assessments that complete with a status of “finished with errors – retry”
can be re-run and should complete successfully.

6. Updated the “Status.out and Debugging SWAMP Failures” document on the
Help page to assist with debugging failed assessments. Failed assessments
now show the contents of the status.out file at the top of the Failed
Assessment Report (by clicking the “! Error” button in the Results column).

7. The statuses shown on the Results page have been updated to better
indicate what is happening as assessment jobs are processed.

8. Minimum hardware requirements have increased to 4 CPU cores and 16 GB of
RAM.

9. General enhancements and bug fixes.


Noteworthy Changes in SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.28.1
-------------------------------------------

1. Added a new assessment tool: OWASP Dependency Check. This tool can be
used to assess Java 7 and 8 Source, and Java 7 and 8 Bytecode packages.

2. Added new versions of the cppcheck assessment tool. Updated the following
assessment tools: Bandit, Clang Static Analyzer, and cppcheck.

3. Updated platform versions and dependencies. All platforms from previous
releases have been deprecated. When upgrading to 1.28.1, existing
assessments will be modified to use the Ubuntu Linux version 16.04 platform.
The new platforms will work without an internet connection unless the
package being assessed requires the internet to build.

4. Added the "Status.out and Debugging SWAMP Failures" document to the Help
page to assist with debugging failed assessment runs.

5. Improved the reporting of assessment error messages in the Failed
Assessment Run Report (accessed by clicking the Error "!" button on an
assessment that finished with errors). Improved the reporting of failed
steps in the status.out file for failed assessment runs (found in the
results.tar.gz archive, downloadable from a Failed Assessment Report).

6. Added the ability to download assessment results in XML format. For
assessments that finished successfully and have at least one weakness, the
weakness count icon on the Assessment Results page is a link to download the
scarf.xml file.

7. Assessments display "default" as the platform if the default platform
will be used to run an assessment. Most supported package types have a
default platform of Ubuntu Linux version 16.04. Only C/C++ package types
allow selecting a platform when adding assessments.

8. The system no longer attempts to re-run a failed assessment, allowing
assessments to finish more quickly.
